Alright, in this video we want to take a
look at refactoring some of our classes
to utilize project Lombok and we'll get
rid of some of the ceremonial code. So
first off, let's take a look at Category. And I'm going to come in and just come
up here to refactor Lombok and we're
going to add in data. And just as a
reminder Data is going to include Getter,
Setter, EqualsAndHashcode, ToString and
also the RequiredArgsConstructor. So
I'm going to go ahead and add that. And
we can see that right away, our class
gets refactored and now all we have is a
few properties that we're dealing with. And let me come down here to version
control and right click on this guy and
we'll do a show diff and take a look at
what we got rid of. So here we can see
that all the getters and setters
have been to refactored out of the class
and been deleted from the left
hand side. So those are no longer there. Now when I went in and created this, that
was just a shortcut to add them but
still it's a lot easier to go at in one
annotation and that's less coerce code
that we're dealing with. So nice little
touch on this very very simple class. Now
one thing that we cannot do is
refactoring because on our Recipe class,
we want to do that manually because we
did override some of these properties. And I did do a test there.
Not date and time format. Data from
project Lombok. So we'll get rid of that
import there. That was a mistake. So we
can't go ahead and get rid of these card
blank. I did test it and it did override
our changes. So if we've provided them
they'll be preserved. So
nothing to worry about there but
it was the notes one that gave us a
problem. So I'm just making sure. So is
when I tested this out, our setNotes to
set the properties, that got overridden.
Our addIngredient was okay. The rest is
going to be fine to delete and get rid
of that as well. So our little helper
methods there are still there to
preserve the relationships. Now the last
one I want to show you is we're going to
come over here to our services and this
is just our service layer and we still
can use Lombok here. And what we want to
do is come in and add in that SLf4j and
what this is going to do, is give us a
logger. I'll show you exactly how we can
utilize that here. So through the plugin,
IntelliJ knows that now, because I've
annotated with SLf4J, you can see
that I have a SLf4j logger in
there. So now isay debug. So this is a
handy tool to have. Now we don't have
to remember the creating that property
there. So pretty nice to have and we'll
be utilizing the SLf4j annotation quite
a bit for when we want to add logging.
Developers are often negligent in
adding logging to their applications.
This makes it a touch easier and make sure
our code a little bit cleaner. When you
first start utilizing this, you might
think it feels like a little magic
because you're not declaring the log
property but it's going to get declared.
As project Lombok goes through and refactors the compiling for us, we will get
that logger injected there.